Chen handles it
Mr. Lu, you still can't sleep?
Bring me some more of this sleeping pill.
Mr. Lu
You have always been able to listen to Miss Jiang's songs
To sleep
You can't stage this reaction
Just take this sleeping pill
Or I'll bring you the recording
Listen to sleep
Why is that?
Why can I only fall asleep listening to that voice?
The rest of the universe doesn't work.
I have work tomorrow.
Bring the recorder
I've been having a bad time lately
A lot of pressure.
Been insomnia
I must take all the responsibilities for my family
Sometimes
I think what's the point of living like this
Sorry, I don't know how to help you.
You said you couldn't sleep?
I'll sing you a lullaby, okay?
Thanks.
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be able to make it through
Wait until I accept the group
Let's meet officially, okay?
If you wait for me, I will definitely marry you.